# Meeting 3 - `21.02.05`
Not In Attendance: N/A

## What's Been Done since the Previous Meeting
### Henry
- Completed API to get bus location, still working on implementing tests
### Alex
- Working on VR UI
### Joshua
- Got a map working in Unity, working around Google VR SDK

## What's Being Done
### Henry
- [ ] Working on CD for server
- [ ] Setting up server so client can get start getting real time data
### Alex
- [ ] Implementing VR UI
- [ ] Start on abstract
### Joshua
- [ ] Finish off map data
- [ ] Make bus asset a prefabs
- [ ] Explore the day/night cycle

## Further Discussion
- No one is currently blocked

### Decisions Made
- Josh will work on a day night cycle for the client
- Decided to not have buildings in the map
- Meeting with Dominique Chu
- Bus API is not great, doesn't all respond with data and is often not realtime
- Meeting every Wednesday at 1100.

### Questions Coming Out of Meeting
