# Meeting 13 - `21.03.31`
Not In Attendance: N/A

## What's Been Done since the Previous Meeting
### Henry
### Alex
- UI updates complete
- Stoped PR, sent code to Josh 
### Joshua

## What's Being Done
### Henry
- Contiune work on bus AI to move between way points
- Contiune work NaPTAN
### Alex
- UI updates
- Start work on video
- Index page for corpus
### Joshua
- Finsihing off controls
- Adding Alexs work
- Trying to find improvements for MapBox performance

## Further Discussion
- No one blocked
- Documents to submit
### Decisions Made
### Questions Coming Out of Meeting
