# Meeting 10 - `21.03.24`
Not In Attendance: N/A

## What's Been Done since the Previous Meeting
### Henry
- Merged multiple prs
- Client can now get bus data from server
### Alex
- Started on technical report
- Mostly spending time on menu UI
### Joshua
- Imported map
- Add controls
- Click on any bus and it will follow it

## What's Being Done
### Henry
- Tweaking pr for client bus data
### Alex
- Spend most time on technical report
### Joshua
- Finsihing off controls
- Adding Alexs work
- Trying to find improvements for MapBox performance

## Further Discussion
- No one blocked
### Decisions Made
### Questions Coming Out of Meeting
