# Meeting 11 - `21.03.26`
Not In Attendance: N/A

## What's Been Done since the Previous Meeting
### Henry
- Fixed server bug with bus ids
### Alex
- Done some more on technical report
### Joshua
- Researched MapBox performance

## What's Being Done
### Henry
- Starting work on bus AI to move between way points
### Alex
- Spend most time on technical report
- Creating pull request for UI changes
- Try and create a bus asset and bus stop sign
### Joshua
- Finsihing off controls
- Adding Alexs work
- Trying to find improvements for MapBox performance

## Further Discussion
- No one blocked
### Decisions Made
### Questions Coming Out of Meeting
